Weeky
=====

A javascript control, a Django form custom form field, and a Django custom widget, along with a small Django sample application consisting of a template, form and view that demonstrates the deliverables.

What is the Weeky?
------------------

The project contents:

 - Source code for the Java Script Planning Grid control.
 - Source code for the Django custom form field and widget.
 - Sample django application consisting of a template, form, view demonstrating the django and java script.
 - Unit tests for the django custom form field and widget.

License
-------

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Rafael Caricio <rafael@caricio.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.